The RNG Seed Theory in a nutshell:

Save up a stockpile of orbs, and then open a few to see if you get something good (or even better, several good pulls in a row). Best amount I've found is 4-5, but some people may want to pull more at a time. If you only get crappy pulls, stop and try to change the seed. Repeat until you get a good seed, and then pull the rest of your orbs when you do. 


What the RNG Seed Theory is not:

It doesn't guarantee that you will get an epic or legendary drop, or that you will get a certain character.
You can't force a good seed, you can only keep changing it until you get a good one.
You can't "improve" a seed.
Even if you can change your seed with any of the methods theorized, that doesn't mean it will be a better one. It could be the same or even worse.


What the RNG Seed Theory IS:

A fun, different way to approach opening your orbs. It has increased the enjoyment of many players that have tried it.


Some facts about the RNG Seed Theory and RNG in general:

Good (and bad) pulls come in clumps, so you want to have a large enough stockpile to take advantage of a good seed when you get one.

Computers can't do truly random number generation. A commenter on one of my RNG Seed Theory videos explained it beautifully, "When you initiate a random number generator within a computer program, you have to seed it with an initial value, and the number output will always be the same. Since video games don't want the SAME output every time, they regularly cycle different RNG sets with different seed values. The output of THOSE RNGs are then used to seed the actual RNG value that's being used in the program. Basically, he's trying it at different times, which is SMART, if you understand the programming behind RNG in computers. If he's getting bad drops, that particular seed stays the same for a set duration of time (or during the specific instance in which he's pulling from orbs). He changes his seed value simply by waiting until the seed value changes, then trying again. He tests it with a few, then changes it. It's actually a very intelligent way to increase your chance at getting a good drop." 


Possible ways to change the seed:

The only surefire way to change the seed is to close the game and try again after a few hours. Other methods that have shown promising results include claiming milestones/daily quests, and closing then immediately restarting the game. Keep in mind what I wrote earlier: even if you can change your seed with any of the methods theorized, that doesn't mean it will be a better one. It could be the same or even worse.


Different Methods of using the RNG Seed Theory:

Classic Method - open 4-5 orbs and see if you get 1 or more epic/legendary drops. If so, keep opening. If not, stop and try to change the seed using the methods above. *Best used by those with smaller stockpiles, and when aiming for 4 Red Star or below drops*

Hardcore Hoarder Method - open 4-5 Gold orbs and see if you get 1 or more Million gold drops/4-5 Red Star orbs and see if you get 5 RS or higher/Ultimus orbs and see if you get a 15 Ultimus shard drop. If so, open all your orbs. If not, stop and try to change the seed using the methods above. *Requires a large stockpile to find and take advantage of the better seed*


Other Important Info:

If you're shooting for 5/6/7 red star pulls and/or legendary drops for other orbs, you will need to save up a considerably larger stockpile of orbs. Reason being is it might take many seed changes before you find a good one, and you might only have a few orbs left when you do find a good one.